NMS-13696: Geographical map documentation (#4351)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/geographical-map/searching.adoc

> ## Searching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Map Search
```
Note that the heading of the file has to be level one, or it won't show up in the table of contents correctly. T

> The search bar has the ability to do a simple text search, as well as searching particular fields associated with the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search bar lets you do a simple text search, as well as searching particular fields associated with the node.
```

> ### Search Fields

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Search fields
```

> The following fields can be searched:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can search the following fields:
```

[options="header"]
[cols="2*"]
|====
| Field
| Description

> | `nodeId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nodeId
```
Please remove the `` characters for all of the content in the field columns. We don't need to distinguish it typographically.

Author: fixed with https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/pull/4351/commits/9059d24fb12d76b613bda9362bf0fa22dcfaf45b

> | The ID of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| The ID of the node
```
Please remove period from all of the description text. Apologies for missing this the first time.

Author: Done within https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms/pull/4351/commits/be50829f2b9ad522e5e996322ae0489bb873c5cb

| nodeLabel
| A text description.

| foreignSource
| The provisioned foreign source, if any.

| foreignId
| The provisioned foreign ID, if any.

| ipAddress
| The primary IP address.

| severityLabel
| The severity. ("Normal", "Warning", etc.)

| description
| The description field from the node's assets.

| maintContract
| The maintenance contract from the node's assets.

| category
| Match a category, if any.

|====

Note that all searches are case-insensitive.

> ### Substring Matching Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Substring matching example
```

> Note that *all* searches are done in a case-insensitive manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all searches are case-insensitive.
```

To search for text in one of the fields, use the following syntax:

`fieldname:searchtext`

> If the search is `nodelabel:server` it will match a node's label like `server1.opennms.com` or `server2.opennms.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the search is `nodelabel:server` it will match a node's label like `server1.opennms.com` or `server2.opennms.com`.
```

### Exact Matching Example

To search for an exact match of a field, use the following syntax:

`fieldname=searchtext`

If the search is `nodelabel=server1.opennms.com` it will only match a node's label like `server1.opennms.com`.

> ### Link to a search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Link to a search
```

> If the search is `nodelabel=server1.opennms.com` it will only match a node's label like `server1.opennms.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the search is `nodelabel=server1.opennms.com` it will only match a node's label like `server1.opennms.com`.
```

Author: @Bonrob2 GH tells me here that there is no change. Did you change something?

Reviewer 2: it's a whitespace cleanup. (extra space at the end of the line)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26419758/158863514-28f976ad-6ed2-45c1-8383-d064a9057048.png)

Author: Seems to be solved

> ### Linking To A Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Link to a search
```

It is possible to create a link to the `node-maps` URL that already has a pre-filled search defintion by adding a `#search/searchtext` into the URL.

> For example, to link to the node label search from the substring match example above write the url like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to link to the node label search from the substring match example above, write the URL as follows:
```

`http://opennms-ip/opennms/node-maps#search/nodelabel:server`

> Or to search for the exact node label match, it would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or to search for the exact node label match:
```
